# CSV Generator
The problem

There is CSV file available locally on file system which contains information about customers. File looks like this (and has header):

firstName,lastName,age
John,Wayne,40
Clint,Eastwood,50

File above has only header and two lines. But imagine that file can contain tens of thousands of lines.

In short, generate a csv file of up to 10000 people's full name and age and save the data into MongoDB.

## TASK 1
### Instructions
This program would have as input number of lines (N) in the file and file path (P). Then it would generate CSV file at local file system: path P that contains N lines, where each line would be in format:

_SomeFirstName,SomeLastName,RandomAge_

Header would also be generated.

Make sure that generator can generate at least 100 unique combinations of FirstName,LastName pairs.

Make sure that RandomAge is in interval: 1<age<100

Make sure that N is in valid interval 1<N<10 000

### Requirements
1. python 3 
2. pandas 
3. numpy
4. subprocess

### Run
	cd task1
	python csv_generator.py [number of lines] [file path]

### Test Integration
	cd task1
	python test_intergration.py 



## TASK 2
### Instructions
This program would have as input file path (P) and database URL (U). It would read CSV file from file P. This is file generated by CSV generator program from Task 1.

CSV parser would read CVS file line by line (skipping header) and would write those lines into database that can be found at URL U. This URL can be JDBC connection string if you work with Java and MySQL or MongoDB connection string if you decide to use MongoDB. Similar for other databases. You can choose any database that is available today. Every line in CSV file becomes one row (or document) in target database.


### Requirements
1. python 3 
2. pymongo
3. subprocess

### Run
	cd task2
	python csv_to_mongodb.py [file path] [MongoDB Connection String]

### Test Integration
	cd task2
	python test_intergration.py 

## TASK 3
### Instructions
Write few sentences about potential performance issues of your solution and describe how you would solve those in future. No need to implement these optimizations now - just write down where problems could be and how you would fix them (general description no need for very low level details).

### Task 1:
There are many different ways to handle the process of creating csv files, I used pandas as a tool to help. However, to handle this small amount of data, we can use the basic tool such as csv or others may increase the performance.

I seperated the process of generate names and generate ages as this can handel different types of data. However, this led to mutiple manipulate with the list, if doing it together, the performance will be better.

Other potential performance issues may include the way I create the names.


### Task 2:
IO takes time. Since the instrctions told to do this line by line, I saved the data to MongoDB line by line, but saving it together should perform better. 

Pymongo need a long time to raise an error if the connection is wrong. We can use regex match the given MongoDB Connection String first to see if it is in the right form. If it's not in the correct form, we can assert it will not build the connection.
